how to tie a tie in 10 seconds hello if
you're sick of being late for work
pratik has the answer for you tying a
tie in 10 seconds it's possible there
you go with just a few slights of hand
you've got a perfect toy not just how it
should be let's take a close look at how
to do it
first lay the tie down on a table next
you need to make a loop with the large
end like this
do the same thing with a smaller end
like this
there you go that's right with your
right hand take the small loop and turn
it once
I'll show you again take the smaller
loop and turn it and now you need to
slip the smaller loop inside the bigger
one
like that inside it
take the tail of the tie like this
and slide it inside the two loops
take it on the other side and hold the
two ends together now pull gently on the
neck loop with your left hand very
gently and as if by magic there you have
a perfect toy knot there you go you'll
never be late for work again